Building a system that runs online which visualizes a mario kart tournament on multiple nintendo switches. It should be a django web app, that is hosted on a private server.
When a user opens the page, they should give the player names, the number of nintendo switches they have (default two) and the number of games each player should have in the group stage (default two). This information should be saved internally, so a unique link can be created for a tournament, that other people can view in a viewer mode where they cant change anything.
Background information: In mario kart only a maximum of four players can play at the same time on one console.
It should have two tabs, one for the group stage, and one for the bracket (so the semi-finals, finals, etc). In the group stage, the layout is like a table which contains the Switches next to each other (almost like rows) and the different parallel games as rows. After each round, you should be able to add the number of points that the people in that game received. Every player should play the number of games that was specified at the beginning, but it should distribute them as good as possible (e.g. rather than one game with four people and one with two, make two games with three people).
In every round, each game on each console plays a specific cup of mario kart 8 deluxe on the nintendo switch. In each game, every player can vote for a specific cup. Then it is randomly selected where the chance for each cup is the number of votes + 1 in percent.
After all the group games are done, switch to the bracket stage. Draw a bracket with exactly four names per game and two people advancing each game (so the number of games halves each round). The players in the bracket stage should be the highest number of 2 to the power of something, that is lower than the total number of players. So if there are 10 players in total, there are 8 in the bracket stage; 15 in total, 8 in the bracket stage; 20 in total, 16 in the bracket stage; 32 in total, 16 in the bracket stage.
Please also assign which switch the games are played on (by just numbering them). After the game (probably by clicking on the game), you can add the points of the players. The two with the most points advance.
